President Trump meets with members of his Cabinet for the first time. The president says he's had a "tremendous success" in his first month in office. He says he'll be signing an agreement with Russia and Ukraine to stop killing people. The president says he wants to thank Elon Musk for his work on the DOGE program. He also wants to praise the secretary of agriculture for his efforts to bring down the price of eggs. The president also asked Musk to give a summary of what he found in his investigation into the use of government funds for personal use. Elon Musk: We simply cannot sustain, as a country, $2 trillion deficits. The interest rates just the interest on the national debt now exceeds the Defense Department spending. If we don& ;t do this, America will go bankrupt. Mr. Musk: "We want to keep everyone who is doing a job that is essential and doing that job well" He says the president asked him to send out an email to everyone, just saying, “What did you get done last week?’” The president said yes, he says, and he did. Mr. President, I know you like competition, and I know it& ;s early. Which department are you most impressed with? And then, to Mr. Mu- . That’s the first one. And, Mr. Musk, which department have you received the most resistance from? Mr. President: Right now, I think I& ;m impressed with everybody. The president says companies can buy a gold card and use it as a matter of recruitment. At the same time, the company is using that money to pay down debt. The gold card is going to be used by not only for that, but by companies. The president says he's not going to make security guarantees beyond what Europe can offer. He says the U.S. is going to start selling rare earth to Ukraine in about two weeks. The United States is leading in AI, but it needs more resources, he says. The president says the U.S. is going to get all of the money it spent on Ukraine back. He says he has a great relationship with China and wants them to invest in the United States. The president says he doesn't want to comment on whether China will take Taiwan by force. Mr. President: Millions of people have died because of the fentanyl that comes over the border. The damage has been done, he says. Mr. President, I& ;m very disappointed when I see four four bodies came in today. These are young people. Young people don& ;t die. The president says he doesn't see big promotions in the military. He says the U.S. left behind billions of dollars' worth of military equipment in Afghanistan. The president says Social Security and Medicare will not be touched. He also says he won't sign the $2.2 trillion spending bill that passed last night. Mr. President, can you clarify the Canada/Mexico tariffs. You had put that 30-day pause. When does it go into effect? The president: April 2nd. Q Mr. President: Part of your mission has been to restore executive control over the executive branch. The president says he has made a decision on what level he will seek on tariffs on the European Union. The European Union has been it was formed in order to screw the United States, the president says. The president also says he is not talking to Erik Prince about privatizing deportations. The president says he thinks he and Putin will reach a deal on Ukraine. He says Putin wants to settle the war, but he doesn't want it to go on for long time. The president says the U.S. should go back to paper ballots and voter ID. Vice President Joe Biden says the U.S. needs to do more to help Ukraine. President Obama says he has asked Secretary Kennedy to look into a measles outbreak in Texas. The president says he would send U.N. peacekeepers to support European peacekeepers. Q Is loosening the sanctions on Russia a potential option as part of an overall deal? THE PRESIDENT: Not now, no. No, I want to see if we make a deal first. But I think we will. I& ;ve had very Q But is it a bargaining chip, I'm asking. President Obama: "The people see it, and that& ;s why we won the election by so much" "I appreciate it. Thank you very much, everybody. I appreciate it." "What will you do?” "How will it be?"