Today marks one month of President Trump's return to the Oval Office. 
 The President has already signed 73 executive orders. 
 The Senate has already confirmed 18 Cabinet-level nominees. 
 We are proud to announce that the president will host his first official Cabinet meeting next Wednesday. 
 President Trump has restored the death penalty at the Department of Justice, including for illegal aliens who commit murder. 
 Border crossings since the day he took office are down 95 percent. 
 He has launched the nation's first-ever commission the MAHA Commission Make America Healthy Again. 
 And he has reopened Guantanamo Bay and resumed the building of infrastructure. 
 Stephen Hassett: President Trump has told us to prioritize fighting inflation. 
 He says we didn't have to address it in the first term, because it was always in the 1s. 
 But we're going to get it back there, he says, with a plan that involves every level of fighting inflation, macroeconomic and supply-side. 
 President Trump's policies are giving people cause for optimism, the White House says. 
 President Trump has brought the world back to where it was at the end of his first term, the president says. 
 The White House is optimistic about the future of inflation and the economy, he says. 
 John Stoll, head of news at X, is in the briefing room today. 
 Stoll: President Trump is on what we call Trump warp speed. 
 He says the entire world saw what the world would look like without strong U.S. leadership. 
 John: I wonder if the administration might be manipulated by Vladimir Putin. 
 If there is anybody in the world that can go toe to toe with Putin, it's Donald J. 
 Trump. 
 He is the dealmaker in chief. 
 There was a lot of hand-wringing in Europe and not a lot. 
 of action in Washington under the Obama administration. 
 MS LEAVITT: Does President Trump have a bet with Trudeau about this USA-Canada hockey game tonight? And when there is a big hockey game on, is the president watching for the goals or for the fights? Mike Waltz: Who does he think is more responsible for the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Putin or Zelenskyy? Stephen Miller: President Trump is unhappy with the rate of deportations and he wants them to be higher. 
 Mike Waltz: There have been reports that Elbridge Colby will be the next secretary of defense. 
 Reagan: I don’t think there will be a lot of opposition to the president’s policies. 
 3,500 people are due to be lose their jobs at the IRS by the end of the week. 
 Treasury secretary is studying the matter and feels like 3,500 is a small number and probably can get bigger, especially as we improve the IT at the tax agency. 
 Kaitlan Collins: President Trump has spoken about replacing income tax with tariff revenue, especially with all this waste, fraud, and abuse that we're seeing cut. 
 Michael Waltz: The existential threat to democracy is the unelected bureaucracy of lifetime, tenured civil servants who believe they answer to no one. 
 Stephen Miller: I don't know a single person who believes it was Joe Biden in office. 
 Q: Are there indictments coming for all the fraud we’ve found? MR. 
 MILLER: I’d love to follow up with you. 
 Just set up a time with Karoline. 
 Q: What is your reaction to Mitch McConnell’s retirement?