President Trump: America is on the verge of a comeback, the likes of which the world has never witnessed and perhaps will never witness again.
The American dream is unstoppable, and our country is on its way to a comeback.
Trump: We have accomplished more in 43 days than most administrations accomplished in four years or eight years.
'This is a time for big dreams and bold action' 'Every day, my administration is fighting to deliver the change America needs' 'Common sense has a common theme.
Never going to let my economy become dramatic and dramatic relief to families' 'We inherited from the last administration an economic catastrophe and an inflation nightmare' On my first day in office, I declared a national energy emergency.
and closed more than 100 power plants.
My administration is also working on a gigantic natural gas pipeline in Alaska among the largest in the world.
Later this week, I will also take historic action to dramatically expand production of critical minerals and rare earths here in the USA.
To further combat inflation, we will be ending the flagrant waste of taxpayer dollars.
For $5 million, we will allow the most successful, job-creating people from all over the world to buy a path to U.S.
citizenship.
The next phase of our plan to deliver the greatest economy in history is for this Congress to pass tax cuts for everybody.
If you don't make your product in America, however, under the Trump administration, you will pay a tariff and, in some cases, a rather large one.
Other countries have used tariffs against us for decades, and now it& ;s our turn to start using them against those other countries.
April 2nd, reciprocal tariffs kick in.
Whatever they tax us, we will tax them.
The tariffs will go on agricultural product coming into America.
Here today is a proud American steelworker, fantastic person from Decatur, Alabama.
Jeff Denard has been working at the same steel plant for 27 years in a job that has allowed him to raise seven children with his beautiful wife, Nicole.
The president signed an order to rename a wildlife refuge in memory of a 12-year-old girl who was kidnapped, tied up, and murdered.
The act is called the Laken Riley Act.
The president also signed an executive order to stop the flow of drugs into the U.S.
A 13-year-old boy who dreamed of becoming a police officer was diagnosed with brain cancer six years ago.
Since 1975, child cancer rates have increased by more than 40 percent.
The president is asking our new Secret Service director to make you an agent of the United States Secret Service.
The president is also announcing incentives to boost shipbuilding and military shipbuilding in the U.S.
President is joined by a young man, Jason Hartley, who knows the weight of that call of duty.
The White House also announces a new tax break for Panama Canal companies.
The president says the U.S. is taking back the Panama Canal, which was given away by the Carter administration for $1.
He says he is proud to announce the arrest of the top terrorist responsible for the Abbey Gate bombing in Afghanistan.
The president also says the United States is standing strong against the forces of radical Islamic terrorism.
And he says the people of Greenland are welcome to move to America.
President Trump: Ukraine is ready to come to the negotiating table as soon as possible to bring lasting peace closer.
Trump: I promised Marc Fogel's mother, Malphine, that we would bring her boy safely back home.
The president: Corey Comperatore was a firefighter, a veteran, a Christian, a husband, a devoted father, and a protector.
President Trump: "We are a country of doers, dreamers, fighters, and survivors" "We will never let anything happen to our beloved country" "With God& ;s help, we are going to lead this nation even higher" "This will be our greatest era"