The president is in Miami, Florida, to address the Future Investment Initiative Institute.
Trump: “I’ve been building units all my life.
I don’t want to build units, but they gave us permission to do it.” From November 5th, th the progress that’s been made has been amazing.
The Nasdaq is up nearly 10 percent in just a few months.
Business optimism skyrocketed 42 points in a single month.
The best and most successful business leaders on Earth are now racing to invest in the United States.
Trump: "We've accomplished more in four weeks than most administrations accomplish in four years" "I imposed an immediate federal hiring freeze, a federal regulation freeze, and a foreign aid freeze.
I signed an order creating the Department of Government Efficiency and put a man named Elon Musk in charge" There are over 4.7 million Social Security numbers from people from 100 years old to 109.
Social Security is what’s happening there is going to be one of the great potential scandals in history.
We’re also finding tremendous abuse, waste, and fraud in Social Security.
The president says he has ended all of the so-called diversity, equity, and inclusion programs across the entire federal government and private sector.
He says the U.S. Agency for International Development, which was funding much of this lunacy, has been eliminated.
The president recalls the harrowing moments of his first visit to the Middle East as president.
He says he was in the cockpit of Air Force One when the plane was forced to land with no lights on the runway.
The president said he felt "extremely brave" but that he wasn't allowed to give himself the Congressional Medal of Honor.
The president says his administration has cut waste and cut spending.
He says it has also required federal employees to show up to work.
The president says the U.S. is gaining back its respect around the world.
Trump says he is taking fast action to end the radical energy policies of the Obama administration.
President Donald Trump says the U.S. has more energy than any other nation in the world.
He says the world runs on low-cost energy, and energy-producing nations like us have nothing to apologize for.
Trump says he's declaring a national emergency in order to get fast approvals for electric car plants.
Trump: "I repealed the last administration's very destructive natural gas export ban" "We have literally hundreds of people that want to export.
I recently met with the Japanese prime minister, Ishiba, to discuss large increases in American oil and gas exports" "For every 1 new regulation added, 10 old regulations have to be eliminated" Trump: We'll substantially cut taxes for all domestic producers of oil and gas and just about everything else that they produce.
Trump: We will soon begin imposing reciprocal tariffs on any country that engages in unfair and unequal trading practices.
The Republican Party is, once again, the party of common sense, he says.
The president says he and his team began negotiations this week in Saudi Arabia.
The talks went well, he says, and it's time to end the war in Ukraine.
The U.S. has spent $200 billion more than Europe, and Europe gets their money back, Trump says.
The president says his greatest legacy will be as a peacemaker and a unifier.
He says he hopes to see a ceasefire soon and to reestablish stability in Europe and the Middle East.
Trump: "We're on the verge of soaring markets, surging incomes, booming production" President Obama says he will take a sabbatical from the White House.
He says the media has lost its credibility.
Obama says the U.S. will win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
The president also says he is looking forward to the 2016 presidential election.
The president says he had to make a decision: Do I do this? Because if I lost, it would have been very, very bad.
He says he has always had an instinct for making money, and he went into show business to do it.
The president says the U.S.is in a very dangerous place.
Mr. President: I want to be a peacemaker and keep us out of war.
But sometimes, to do that, you have to have a very strong military, he says.
He says he would have been happy not to run if he thought he was doing a good job.
The president spoke with the president of Mexico, who said her country is not a big drug-taking nation.
He said she said, "Well, we have very strong family values.” He said, “But we do too. We do too”