The president says he's made more progress in three weeks than his predecessor made in four years. 
 He says companies around the world want to come back into the U.S. because of what he's doing. 
 Trump says he'll be announcing some "very, very big very big momentous" decisions. 
 The president says the EU has been very unfair to the United States. 
 He says he's more confident of a deal with Russia after the talks today. 
 The president says he would consider removing U.S. troops from Europe as part of a peace deal. 
 The president says he's disappointed in what's happened in Ukraine. 
 He says a half-baked negotiator could have settled the conflict years ago. 
 The president says the Associated Press has been very wrong on the election, and the treatment of Trump. 
 The president says he has the power to end the war in Ukraine. 
 He says the people of Ukraine are tired of the war and want peace. 
 The U.S. is giving Ukraine $350 billion in aid, but where is the money going, he asks. 
 The White House said that Elon Musk is not a DOGE employee and has no authority to make decisions. 
 The president said he was surprised it took so long to clarify the situation. 
 He also said that he was only interested in saving millions of lives in Ukraine. 
 The president says Social Security is riddled with fraud. 
 The head of Social Security resigned after the DOGE investigation, he says. 
 The president says he thinks some of the people who resigned or got fired got fired. 
 He says he wants to get rid of illegal immigrants who are getting paid. 
 The president says he won't let SpaceX employees work for government agencies that have contracts with Elon Musk's companies. 
 He says he's looking into whether Venezuela should be allowed to sell more of its oil to the U.S. The president also says he'll be sending low-risk migrants back to their countries. 
 The president says Mexico has allowed millions of people to come into the U.S. from jails all over the world. 
 He says Mexico is largely run by the cartels, and that& ;s a sad thing to say. 
 The president says the border with Mexico is the most secure he's ever had. 
