The president is in Washington, D.C. for the Republican Governors Association gala. 
 He is joined by a number of Republican governors, including Brian Kemp, Greg Gianforte, Doug Burgum, Chris Wright and Michael Whatley. 
 Trump: "I’m thrilled to be with the Republican governors and I look forward to working with each of you" President-elect Donald Trump: "We won 85 percent of all counties in America. 
 Have you seen the map? It's all red. 
 The whole thing is, like, red. 
 They won 525 counties compared to us 2,600 counties. 
 Think of that" Trump says. 
 "I don't know why we only won by millions of votes. 
 We should have won by a lot more than that" I had an approval rating today of 71 and another one of 69. 
 So, we're going to fight very hard, because the better I do, the better you do. 
 The red states are going to do good. 
 And the blue states I don't know maybe they'll totally disappear off that map. 
 President Obama has declared a national energy emergency. 
 He has also opened the full capacity of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. 
 Obama has also declared war on Vice President Joe Biden's inflation disaster. 
 The president has named a new energy czar, Chris Wright. 
 Trump: "I withdrew from the one-sided and very expensive Paris Climate Accord" "I've established a National Energy Dominance Council chaired by your former colleague, Secretary Burgum" "We terminated health you know, on the world health, we paid a hundred we paid $500 million a year" I terminated the Green New Scam, one of the great scams in the history of our country. 
 I canceled Joe Biden's insane electric vehicle mandate, saving our auto industry from destruction. 
 We're going to bring up jobs like you haven't seen because the companies pouring in. 
 There are 4.7 million Social Security members who go and live from 100 to 109. 
 The longest-living person ever on record and they're not sure it was correct was a woman from a very faraway place lived to 127 years old. 
 The U.S. was the richest it has ever been in the 1800s, early 1900s. 
 The tariff commission of 1887 was set up to determine where we should spend our money. 
 We've launched the largest deregulation campaign in our country's history. 
 The president says he's imposing reciprocal tariffs on any nation that tries to cheat us or steal our jobs. 
 Trump: "Whatever they charge us, we charge them. 
 So, if they're at 25 percent, we are 25. 
 If they& :re at 75, we’re at Whatever they charge" I proudly banned the use of puberty blockers, hormone injections you believe this? and other chemical and surgical mutilations of all minor youth. 
 We're working very, very hard to send these schools and education back to the states where they can be properly run. 
 We have people in Washington, D.C., that don't give a damn about your pupils or your students. 
