Elon Musk: I love the president. 

 I think I think President Trump is a good man, and and he& ;s, you know I I THE PRESIDENT: That’s the way he said that. 

 Mr. Musk: I don’t know that people only know a little bit about Elon Musk. 

 I don& ;t know everything about Elon Musk. 

 The president says the media and and the punditry class not that you know, have no power anymore. 

 He says the people are smart, and they get it. 

 The president says he respects Musk, and he wants people to know more about him. 

 The president says he has a great relationship with SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. 

 He says Musk is a leader who gets things done. 

 Trump says he is working with Congress to codify some of his executive orders. 

 The president says the GOP will follow up on some of those orders. 

 The president meets with the founder of a company that could help the blind to see and people with spinal cord injuries that they that they can recover. 

 He also meets with engineers who could be earning millions of dollars at a software company. 

 The president also talks about his plans to send a private company into space. 

 Elon Musk: I used to be adored by the left, you know. 

 Now I get the dirty looks from everyone. 

 The eye-daggers level is insane. 

 I would have been dead several times over if I hadn't voted for Trump. 

 The president says he's trying to restore the will of the people through the president. 

 Musk says the president is trying to cut waste, fraud, and abuse in government. 

 The president says Musk is an amazing person but also a caring person. 

 Musk: "I think when he talks about waste and fraud and abuse, I think he's right" The president says the media is biased against him. 

 He says he has seen the opposite of what he thinks he has said. 

 The president says he wants to get the country back on track. 

 He calls the media "horrible people" and says they lie and cheat. 

 The president says the cost of the new Air Force One would have been 50 percent higher if the president had not applied competence and caring. 

 He says the president was competent, and the price was not 50% higher as a result. 

 The president says he wants to close the borders and secure the nation's borders. 

 He also wants to cut the national debt. 

 The president says the media is getting millions of dollars from the federal government. 

 He says the FBI is targeting the media for disinformation. 

 The media is feeding the president false information, the president says. 

 The president also says he wants to see more transparency from the media. 

 The president says he thinks a lot of people still believe the Russia hoax is real. 

 He says he's trying to get a trillion dollars out of the deficit. 

 The president says the country is no different from an individual in that if an individual overspends, a country can go bankrupt. 

 The president says he doesn't think there's a legitimate explanation for civil servants earning tens of millions of dollars in a few years. 

 The president says the media won't ask the same questions about the election as they do about the media. 

 The media is "trying to bury you in lawsuits," the president says. 

 The president says he doesn't want a Department of Education. 

 He wants to give money back to the states to improve education. 

 The president also wants to change the way the federal government is run. 

 He says he wants to make sure teachers are incentivized for good work. 

 The president is meeting with the president of AtlasMD, a company that provides 24-hour access to a doctor. 

 The president says the company has saved the taxpayer tens of billions of dollars. 

 President says the government is competing for debt with with the private citizens. 

 The president says he will give back some of the tax cuts he took away from the wealthy and corporations. 

 He says he is cutting back on subsidies for electric vehicles. 

 The president says the media is obsessed with the idea that there is a conflict of interest between the White House and Tesla. 

 The president says he hasn't asked the president for anything ever. 

 He says he knows every businessman, the good ones, the bad ones and the smart ones. 

 The president says the world is following us out of this pit. 

 He also says he's getting a daily proctology exam in Washington. 

 The president says the country needs to get out of the debt trap it's in. 

 He says the U.S. can't wait another 10 years and have a shell of a country left. 

 The president says he wants to make the country more competitive with other countries. 

 President Obama meets with former PayPal CEO Sean Musk. 

 Musk: "The ship of America must be strong. 

 If it sinks, we all sink with it" President: "I think we& ;re seeing an antibody reaction from from those who are receiving the wasteful and fraudulent money" The president says the Democrats have done a great disservice to the U.S. He also says John Fetterman has become the best voice in the Democrat party. 

 The president says he will stay for four years, and if they get the chance, they will impeach him. 

 The president says he believes he came within a millimeter of being assassinated the day he endorsed Elon Musk in Butler, Indiana. 

 The president says the idea of him getting away with something is 0 percent 0.0. 

 He says he will make mistakes, but that he will fix them very quickly. 

